- Init process development
    - Predict a notifier when the unit content is changed. (inotify)
      We can add a "watch" on the UNITS_PATH which normally is "/usr/lib64/unitd/units".
      Just an event occurred (MODIFY), we only set isContentChanged = true into the unit.
      We don't think that we have to lock the unit mutex.
      Maybe more persons use the machine at the same time !!!!! :)
      A simple variable is enough. (see ENABLE_RESTART)
      DONE

    - Stop unit:
        We don't release the unit if its content is not changed.
        We would like know when it was stopped (Dead) otherwise we lose these data
        (timestamp stop, duration and eventual process data history).
        DONE

    - Start unit:
        Now, if the unit is not in memory then create, parse and put it into memory,
        otherwise we have to check its state.
        Dead : release, create, parse and put into memory.
        != Dead : show the unit start error (already started).
        Only check if the unit is into memory is no longer enough!!!
        DONE

    - List (requires, conflicts, states) and Enable unit:
      If the unit content is changed then we have to force the user to stop the unit.
      In this case, stop unit func will fully release the unit.
      In this way, these functions will read the data on the disk which is that we expect.

    - Disable unit:
      Now, we don't consider "wantedBy" property for this function.
      It is useful for "enable" and "start" unit commands.
      This function will have to just check if a symlink exists for the default/cmdline, reboot and poweroff state,
      regardeless if the unit is into memory or not and if its content is changed or not.
      We can use isEnabledUnit func passing the state to satisfy "Removed symlink" message.

    - Enable unit:
      In conflicts case, we will release the unit (conflict) only if its content is changed.
      Moreover, we can remove the check about the conflict errors because, now, the "disable"
      function no longer considers the "wantedBy" property but cmdline/default, poweroff and reboot state.

    - Set default:
      We can remove the limitation about the "--force" option. Just show created symlink.
      "default.state" symlink is useful only for set STATE_DEFAULT variable.
      After that, we can handle default state symlink whatever way we want.

    - Re-enable func ???

    - For the hibernate/suspend management we will use 'zzz' script gently provided by Leah Neukirchen

- Unitlogd development

- Unitlogctl development
